{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24920\viewh12860\viewkind1
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Arduino with Flash communication bundle v1.6 - 11-02-2011	\

\i\b0 http://www.kasperkamperman.com/blog/arduino/arduino-flash-communication-as3/\

\i0 ================================================================\
\

\b Included files :
\b0 \
\

\b FlashFiles  
\b0 	\
- as3glue (
\i http://code.google.com/p/as3glue/ 
\i0 ) \
- monitor objects (
\i http://www.kasperkamperman.com 
\i0 )\
- programming example \
- standalone monitor source code\
\

\b Standalone monitor
\b0 		\
- .app (osx), .exe (windows)\
\

\b Serproxy	
\b0 \
- Osx version : Tinkerproxy ( renamed to Serproxy )\
  (
\i  http://code.google.com/p/tinkerit/wiki/TinkerProxy 
\i0 )\
- Windows version : Serialproxy 0.1.4 ( renamed to Serproxy )\
  ( 
\i http://www.cote.cc/blog/serialproxy-v014-can-use-com-ports-above-9
\i0  )\
\
This library is made as a simple start up for the classes Physical Computing at Saxion - Enschede, The Netherlands ( course Art & Technology ). \
\
Make sure to check out the resources of the individual packages above and the Arduino playground for more communication options. \

\i http://www.arduino.cc/playground/Interfacing/Flash
\i0 \

\b \

\b0 ================================================================
\b \
\
What does it do ?
\b0 \
\
Glue is an ActionScript 3 library that enables communication between Flash and Arduino boards. Since Flash cannot interface the serial port directly you'll need a proxy program in between that converts incoming serial data the XMLsocket data. \
\
The monitor is useful to check if all the connections are working good. You can monitor directly all the sensors and actuators connected to your Arduino board. \
\
The example code file is a start point to program your own things controlled by Arduino. \
\
================================================================\
\

\b How to get it to work ?
\b0 \
\
\
\
\
Steps :\
\
0.	Download Arduino from arduino.cc. Use Arduino 018 or higher. The Firmata 	library included with Arduino 017 is not stable.  \
\
1. 	Upload StandardFirmata (included with Arduino) to the Arduino board. \
	File > Sketchbook > Examples > Firmata > StandardFirmata\
	\
2. 	Edit serproxy.cfg ( see also the comments in this file ). Commented lines start 	with the number sign ( # )\
   \
    	You can find the serialport of Arduino in the Arduino IDE under \
	Tools/SerialPort/\
\
	Osx : Make sure you start with "cu.usbserial" instead of "tty.usbserial" in 	serproxy.cfg\
   \
   	By changing the setup for either windows or osx and change the serialport 	number/name. \
\
	If you see :  "Couldn't find 'comm_ports' entry in config file" \
	Make sure you uncomment ( remove # symbol in front of the line ) the 	comm_ports entry. \
   	    \
3. 	Run serproxy. If you see firewall dialogs, choose unblock\
\
4.	Try to run as3glue_standalone_monitor. If you did the serproxy configuration 	good, you are supposed to see some movement. \
	Set output pin 13 to high to see the onboard led on the Arduino. \
\
5.	If you run an .swf outside of the Flash IDE, you probably get some security 	messages. \
\

\b Security messages 
\b0 \
   \
	If you run an .swf from Explorer/Finder you'll probably get a "Flash Player 	Security" pop-up. \
\
	Try to run your program as .exe or .app. \
         More info : \
         http://tiny.cc/as3glue_security   	\
\

\b Code your own project
\b0 \
\
Make sure the net ( As3Glue code ) and the com ( monitor code ) folders are in the same directory as your Flash files. The example code uses the classes in those folders to compile and run the code. \
\
\
================================================================\
\

\b AS3Glue copyrights
\b0 \
\
Copyright (c) 2007-2008 Erik Sjodin, eriksjodin.net, Bjoern Hartmann bjoern.org\
\
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\
\
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\
\
Glue is an open source library licensed under the above MIT licence.\
\
================================================================\
\

\b Monitor and example code 
\b0 \
\
Copyleft 2009 Kasper Kamperman, http://www.kasperkamperman.com \
Art & Technology - Saxion, University of Professional Education - NL, Enschede\
 \

\b Serproxy - osx version
\b0 \
\
Serproxy 0.2.0 - Tinker.it \
Based on code by (C)1999 Stefano Busti, (C)2005 David A. Mellis\
\
http://code.google.com/p/tinkerit/downloads/detail?name=tinkerproxy-2_0.zip\
\

\b Serproxy - windows version
\b0 \
\
Serproxy 0.1.4\
\
Stefano Busti (sbusti@nildram.co.uk)\
Modified by:  David A. Mellis (dam@mellis.org)\
		     Jean-Philippe Cote (jp@cote.cc)\
   \
http://www.cote.cc/blog/serialproxy-v014-can-use-com-ports-above-9\
\

\b Firmata ( not included )
\b0 \
\
www.firmata.org \
License see license.txt in the folder\
\
================================================================}